README.md, before:

# Django Scheduling

An API for task and schedule management written with Python and Django. The backend uses PostgresSQL for storing
data and Redis for per-user cacheing of schedules. The entire setup is containerized and can be run with a single
command using Docker.

## Installation

Install docker for your operating system:
https://docs.docker.com/get-started/get-docker/

## Usage

On a Linux System, open a terminal application such as Bash or Zsh, and run the following command to build the app's Docker Image:
```sudo docker compose build```

You can then run the API with the following command:
```sudo docker compose up```

If you prefer to run the server on a Windows machine, a working WSL installation with Docker will be required. The following page provides some information on setting up WSL on Windows: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install 

The server will be available for requests on localhost port 8000. The Django Admin panel can also be
accessed to monitor and edit model objects on http://localhost:8000/admin/.

## API Documentation

https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/18040691/2sB3B7NDTy

https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/18040691/2sB3B7NDTx

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Removed some hardcoded variables and moved them to .env

README.md, after:

# Django Scheduling

An API for task and schedule management written with Python and Django. The backend uses PostgresSQL for storing
data and Redis for per-user cacheing of schedules. The entire setup is containerized and can be run with a single
command using Docker.

## Installation

Install docker for your operating system:
https://docs.docker.com/get-started/get-docker/

## Usage

Before attempting to run the server, you should first create a .env file populated with the variables present in ```template.env```. Default values are provided for some variables.

On a Linux System, open a terminal application such as Bash or Zsh, and run the following command to build the app's Docker Image:
```sudo docker compose build```

You can then run the API with the following command:
```sudo docker compose up```

If you prefer to run the server on a Windows machine, a working WSL installation with Docker will be required. The following page provides some information on setting up WSL on Windows: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install 

The server will be available for requests on localhost port 8000. The Django Admin panel can also be
accessed to monitor and edit model objects on http://localhost:8000/admin/.

## API Documentation

https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/18040691/2sB3B7NDTy

https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/18040691/2sB3B7NDTx

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
